Definitely not coming back after your response!! Wow! You are the owner? 

As an owner you shouldn't get offended and tell me that the food your restaurant serves is not for everyone cuz you are implying its not for me. I already got attitude from the waiter.  When I politely just said to him there is something off. I could've made a seen, gotten mad at ur impolite waiter or refused to pay for the nihari with rotten meat. Especially after he questioned me how is it suppose to taste like? Os salai gorai ko main pakistan lai ja ke jawaid ki nihari khilaun phir nahi pochai ga mujsai ke what does the nihari youve had tastes like? 

So Faraz, your saying the owners of Sabri Nihari and Usmania who are your family friends, use meat that has steroids and are not grass fed which is why you charge double the price?

Im just one review it wouldn't make any difference to you or your restaurant its successful already. And you sell alcohol. So I wouldn't put it past you to sell meat with steroids or sell non Zabiha. Don't give me that bs. If its so natural why does it taste so disgusting. Your right its not for me. You keep ripping off these gorai log in LP more power to you. 

1st post

Went here last month, its too pricy and over rated. Paid $50 for nihari an order of Tandoori chicken and fries with 2 naans. 

If you want real good better tasting Indian/Pakistani food drive down near edgewater and go to Usmania or Sabri Nihari on Devon Ave you will spend half the money and get really delicious fresh tasting food. 

We ordered tandoor chicken which was good. Chaat masala fries are just crispy there is barely any potatoes in their. And the nihari was horrible. It was so bad they should just take it off the menu.  The meat had a bitter taste. And when we told the waiter that it tastes like there is something wrong with it, instead if being sympathetic he got offended, and said "what does the nihari you guys have had taste like" white guy with hair to the side. 

I advise you not to spend your hard earned money there. If you like this place thn your new to indian/pakistani food. I recommend trying restaurants on devon.