Hmmmm.... 

I'm a little on the fence whether this place deserves 2 stars or 3 stars, so I'm first going to write my review, read it and then reassess what I think it should get. 

It's Sunday, I'm getting that peculiar craving for nothing.

You know, the one where everything sounds amazing but you can't decide on which ONE type of food you should order. (Which is dangerous cause you feel ravenously unstoppable, like you could order from more than one place and actually eat it all, when really you can't. 

So I choose Indian food. Tandoor Char house seems to have some pretty good reviews, and I decided to mock my hunger by ordering blindly. 

I ordered the: (Don't judge Me)

Mutter Paneer Tikkah Masala
Chaat Fries
Vegetarian Samosa
Assorted Nan Basket
and the Mago Cheesecake. 

This was a lot of food and I blame my stomach for ordering it on Grub Hub. 

First things first, which is negative strike on this place, was that the delivery took too long. I ordered, I mean, MY stomach ordered the food at quarter to 7 and I didn't get it until quarter after 8pm. 

The next problem, which irritated me more than the first problem, was that my food was cold. Well not ice cold, more like lukewarm. This totally ruined the Chaat Fries, which would have been delicious if they were hot. 

The Mutter Paneer TIkkah Massala was decent, it was noting spectacular if I had to compare it to other places I've eaten at, but it wasn't horrible. I did feel like it was primarily sauce with very little cheese or veggies. 

How was the Naan? -- That's NAAN of your business.. 

ok bad joke, but to make up for it, I'll tell you that the Naan is absolutely delicious. It's soft, fluffy, and the assortment gave you a little bit of every flavor your tastebuds live for. (I really, really liked the Garlic Naan.)

The Samosa was nothing to be remembered. It was just there.

Lastly.. THE MANGO CHEESECAKE!!

Oh if I had only known how good this was.. Had I known... I would have ordered a WHOLE cake. 

The flavor palate was soft, creamy, with a soft sweetness. The flavor of mango was natural and not artificial. It was as if I was eating Mangoes and Clouds with the angels... Until it was done and then I fell back to earth and wanted more. (I may have cried a little cause it was over too soon.) 

The only bad thing I can say about the Mango Cheesecake was how it was delivered to me. The deliverer did not handle with care. (Pictures attached)
It didn't take away from flavor, but did have poor presentation. 

Sooo.. Yea.. I think I'm gonna do this place a solid and give it 3 Stars. 

Would I order from the Tandoor Char House again? Ehh... Maybe.. If only for that cheesecake.