I just can't justify giving this place higher than 3 stars. Yes, it's good. But 5-star, crazy-hype, mob-out-the-door worthy? No.

CRAB & PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS/PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS (aka xiaolongbao aka xlb):
The skin on these is thicker than at Din Tai Fung, but the plus side is that it allows each dumpling to hold more soup. The xlb here are certainly juicy, filled with plenty of meat and soup. An order per person will nearly fill you up, surprisingly. 

SCALLION PANCAKE:
I was underwhelmed by these. They did the job of filling me up, but they weren't as crispy, savory, or flaky as so many other places offer.

All in all, our total was only $10 each for 3 dishes! It's a good deal, that's for sure. But the experience...that's where it's lacking. 

EXPERIENCE:
Plan to wait for at least half in hour in the mob that gathers outside. Once your name is called, you'll likely be seated at a communal table with other parties. Then, due to the large number of people and constant need to get customers in and out, you'll encounter some pretty unfriendly service. I've been to plenty of great Chinese restaurants with poor service, and I generally take it as a given. But here, it just seemed a step below. Water spilling on people, waiters bumping into your chair constantly, waiters ignoring you...This is largely due to the fact that they're so ridiculously busy, so I don't know how much I can really blame them. It's more likely the result of the overblown hype of the restaurant.

OVERALL: 
What really irked me about my experience here was the fact that there are SO many equally good or better xlb places in Manhattan. You're in Chinatown, for goodness' sakes! Explore a little! It's certainly tasty, but you're missing out on the myriad of other options available. 

It would be different if they were serving a highly unusual dish that no one else has, but this is not the case. It's not like Joe's is the only place in Chinatown or elsewhere that has xlb, and I think a lot of tourists and others forget that. My recommendation would be to go if there's no wait, but if there is, skip it and try somewhere different.