Joe's Shanghai is world famous for its xiao long bao (soup dumplings). There are three locations in New York: the original restaurant in Flushing, the second location in Chinatown, and the third location in Midtown. This review is for the Chinatown location.

Some say Joe's has the best soup dumplings in the world. Others say they're overrated and the restaurant is too touristy. Well, there's no denying the touristy part. Chinatowns in most major cities are touristy in general. In my opinion (one of over 3,400 posted on Yelp at the time of writing this review), I thought the dumplings here were pretty good.

Joe's is your typical Chinatown restaurant. It's not the cleanest nor swankiest. It's old school Chinese in every way, from the dated digs (down to the carpet) to the smell and humidity of the place (amalgam of different dishes). It was expectedly packed out during our Friday afternoon visit around 3pm. Luckily, our party of two was seated immediately at the first two-top table just inside the entrance, next to the stereotypical Asian fish tank.

There's no space to wait inside, but there is a bench outside on the sidewalk. The place hustles and bustles and tables turn over quick. We may have had the only two-topper inside. There are a few four-tops and the rest of the tables are circular tables that can seat about 6-8 folks each. Other reviews suggest communal dining, so be aware of that.

Joe's offers two types of soup dumplings: crab and pork meat dumplings for $8.25 or just pork meat dumplings for $6.25. These are items #1 and #2 under the Appetizers section of the menu. Eight dumplings come per order. Joe's offers a whole host of other Chinese food (over 140 items total) including Shanghainese dishes, duck, jellyfish, sea cucumber, noodles (both cold noodles and hot noodle soups), red bean pancakes, and more. You're looking at about $6-9 each for most apps, soups, cold dishes, and noodle dishes, and about $12-20 each for most entrees.

Cash only.

Joe's Shanghai wasn't high on my priority list of restaurants to try in New York, but it happened to be on our way to the 9/11 Memorial as we walked through Chinatown from the Lower East Side. We ordered just one basket of the pork dumplings (I'm allergic to crab) for an afternoon snack. We ended up enjoying them so much we asked for another.

Each order of dumplings was made fresh. They came out piping hot from the kitchen in bamboo steamer baskets. The dumplings were laid atop napa cabbage. They were served with a side of black rice vinegar with ginger slices to use as a sauce (yummy). The dumplings were so hot that I had to wait a few minutes to let their soupy insides cool down. The dumplings were also served with a set of small tongs, which was great to use for lifting the dumplings out of the basket. Not all restaurants that serve soup dumplings provide this.

If you've never had soup dumplings before, you should definitely try them. These aren't the typical "dumplings" most Americans are accustomed to. There's actually a flavorful, meaty, and fatty soup that comes spilling out from the inside of each dumpling. Therefore, you've got to be careful and gentle when handling these things. When lifting a dumpling out of the basket, you don't want to accidentally tear its skin and waste soup.

The dumplings are made with a meat gelatin solid that's wrapped in a dough skin and then steamed. The heat causes the gelatin to liquify and become soup.

Joe's soup dumplings are undoubtedly the biggest I've eaten up to this point. They easily pour over a standard sized Chinese soup spoon. Soup dumplings can be eaten in a handful of ways. These dumplings were so big, I'd let the soup leak out into my spoon and drink the soup (and sauce) then take a bite out of the dumpling which I held up with my chopsticks and spoon together. I'm not gonna lie - I got a lot of soup spillage on my plate (which I subsequently drank at the very end).

A 15% service charge and 8.875% sales tax is applied to every bill, so there's no need to tip unless you want to tip more than 15%.

In the end, I'm glad we decided to stop by Joe's Shanghai. While the soup dumplings didn't blow me away, I thought they were still quite delicious and among the best I've had. This place is certainly worth a visit if you happen to be nearby. It's a good experience.